my name is Sky School Office i am teacher business executive
and to the consolation and vegetable department
our Athens Marcus 57 square meters and also the fruit and vegetable department
drive around 31 brought
work in the department
6 percent
Claes
14 employees
some part-time
train and VOX RTL
we try on the quite small area
a pretty big assortment
4 percent
sell that is independent
around me
a good two months before eating
At an automaton time come on to make loose 21
so they are pretty small and twice very important for the year
Redistribution the motion AG held
small amounts of viewers a bit darker
Cozy as always you can not be Conergy in the last few years
Years, whatever murder is in the evening to show continuity it means
in the morning as well
between acrobats left her
we drive for a long time
confirmed the material and due in the next year
much larger and much nicer and modern deviate
Our employees do the same as the right job
they do that
For one thing, because they like to do but was a very good team
the levels fight
friendly but not
Both must come from the heart of the time
the extinguishing water progressing make a customer surveys back in every year
Cologne and data are our employees satisfaction
what customers say about our employee at 100 percent
the enemy